README.md, before:

# Femboy_owo - Lulu (Wholesome bot)

![Lulu Banner, made by NyanekoNNK](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53056204/227460767-b133569e-82b8-46cf-b761-8a6c8b83ea7b.png)

## A bit of explanation

I recently got the idea how and where I want this project to continue. Due to uni and to finalize everything, it will take time. Luckly many things won't change, but this project will get weird and different soon.

Bot will have names and I wanna give them a nice personality.

<u>The website, nsfw will be the most effected. I might split the bot into two, but that means...</u>

1. one part of the bot will be sfw only, while having all the features.
2. second bot will have mostly nsfw. A lot of nsfw :3

Nsfw bot can be found here: [Femboy_UwU nsfw](https://github.com/DiamondPRO02/Femboy_UwU)

As a special feature if both bot is in one server, the two bot might talk with each other, but I will see how hard would it be to implement it.

The bot is early in development. Feel free to contribute if you want. I also appriciate every problem report and every help. This bot only works with slash commands.

Discord bot invite (permissions might change in the future as more stuff is added): ~~Bot Invite Here.~~
**Due to changes, not adviced and not available for now.**

Admin permissions for bot: [Admin Bot Invite.](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=963362899160612954&permissions=8&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

Support server: [Discord link](https://discord.gg/DcQS9mNEUh)

Google form for bug and feature report if you prefer it: [link here](https://forms.gle/ebD1edtbir2gDgAn9).

---
---

### Debug level in config

0. No trigger messages. Only errors.
1. Trigger messages.
2. Trigger messages and button/menu reactions. (Default)
3. Discordjs debug messages.

## Credits (Package or API name - command name)

- [Discord.js Akinator - akinator](https://www.npmjs.com/package/discord.js-akinator)
- [Astrology free API - astrology](https://ohmanda.com/api/horoscope)
- [Booru - booru](https://www.npmjs.com/package/booru)
- [Catboys - catboys](https://catboys.com/api)
- [Dad Joke API - dad_joke](https://icanhazdadjoke.com/)
- [Nekos.life - nekoslife](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nekos.life)
- [Translate - translate](https://www.npmjs.com/package/translate)
- [Waifu.pics - waifu_pics](https://waifu.pics/)
- Also big thanks for Github Copilot. :3
- [Discord Dashboard](https://www.npmjs.com/package/discord-dashboard), and [site](https://learnit.assistantscenter.com/)

## Notes

- .env only gives back string.
- Drink wine and listen to music, to boost morale, motivational and productivity.

Commit message:

Last update, time for website

README.md, after:

# Femboy_owo - Lulu (Wholesome bot)

![Lulu Banner, made by NyanekoNNK](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53056204/227460767-b133569e-82b8-46cf-b761-8a6c8b83ea7b.png)

## A bit of explanation

Hi and welcome to the bots development page. Currently I work alone while doing university, so development is slow. Hope you enjoy the bot and have fun with it.
The development can be checked on the [projects page](https://github.com/users/DiamondPRO02/projects/2).

This is a multi purpose bot, but the main focus is on the wholesome side. So no nsfw unless you want. Of course the lewd bot can be found here: [Lily_Femboy nsfw](https://github.com/DiamondPRO02/Lily_Femboy).

As a special feature if both bot is in one server, the two bot might talk with each other, but I will see how hard would it be to implement it.

---

Discord bot invite (permissions might change in the future as more stuff is added): ~~Bot Invite Here.~~
**Due to changes, not available for now.**

Admin permissions for bot: [Admin Bot Invite.](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=963362899160612954&permissions=8&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

Support server: [Discord link](https://discord.gg/DcQS9mNEUh)

Google form for bug and feature report if you prefer it: [link here](https://forms.gle/ebD1edtbir2gDgAn9).

---

Lulu got verified for new year at 2023.Jan.01. 0:48:00 UTC+1. -
Just in time as it was already in 99 server.

---

### Debug level for dotenv

(*-1 will disappear all logging.*)

0. Only errors.
1. Console.warn and line
2. Console.info
3. Console.log (Default)
4. Console.debug

console.log("foo"); // Logged to console & saved in 1594897100267.log
console.debug("foo"); // Won't log to console, but will be saved in 1594897100267.log

### API stuff (npm packages in package.json)

- [Astrology free API - astrology](https://ohmanda.com/api/horoscope)
- [Catboys - catboys](https://catboys.com/api)
- [Dad Joke API - dad_joke](https://icanhazdadjoke.com/)
- [Waifu.pics - waifu_pics](https://waifu.pics/)
- Also big thanks for Github Copilot. :3

## Notes

- .env only gives back string.
- Drink wine and listen to music, to boost morale, motivational and productivity.
